Psalm 47 to the chief musician a psalm
of the sons of korah o clap your hands
all you peoples shout to God with the
voice of triumph for the Lord Most High
is awesome he is a great king over all
the earth he will subdue the peoples
under us and the nations under our feet
he will choose our inheritance for us
the excellence of Jacob whom he loves
God has gone up with a shout a lord with
a sound of a trumpet sing praises to God
sing praises sing praises to our king
sing praises for God is the king of all
the earth sing praises with
understanding God reigns over the
nations God sits on his holy throne the
princes of the people have gathered
together the people of the God of
Abraham for the shields of the earth
belong to God he is break Lea exalted